Create platform-assignments.md (#6899)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team: platform/engineering/frontend/platform-assignments.md

# Overview 

> `vets-website` has several parts that require ongoing maintenance and improvement. These platform parts are assigned a primary and a secondary engineer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VSP frontend team is responsible for several parts that require ongoing maintenance and improvement. These platform parts are assigned a primary and a secondary engineer. 
```

Reviewer: kind of a nit, but trying to distinguish between `vets-website` the repo and "FE-related things that VSP owns"

This document describes the responsibilities of each of these roles and is intended for VSP frontend engineers and their leadership group. 

## Primary 

- Accountable for the ongoing maintenance of their designated platform part 

>   - Expected to do around a day of unplanned maintenance per sprint- this does not include support time but should be documented in a ticket and draft PR

Reviewer 2: I think we should list out examples of this so people understand what you mean.

- Fix identified bugs
- Improvements based on customer feedback
- Refactoring efforts
- Updates or integration work based on dependencies
- Improve clarity or scope of documentation based on feedback

  - Inform engineering lead and product manager if no maintenance has been performed for 2 consecutive sprints 

> - Assists product manager with backlog management 

Reviewer 2: Be ready to talk to a narrative or vision for current state and ideal state of your platform part
- How does this help your customer? 
- What could we do to better improve the experience? 
- What does the future look like to you? 
- Is context or feedback needed? (facilitate conversations with product so we can go after it)
- What metrics are\can we use to measure success?

Author: Updated. I don't think they should be responsible for a narrative or vision mostly because I want junior / mid level engineers to be able to own these parts.

  - Understands the implementation of the platform part 
  - Provides feasible improvement options 
  - Understand the problem solved by the platform part
  - Makes tradeoff decisions with product manager 
- Provide consultation and support to users 
- Consults and informs secondary engineer for all changes made to the platform part
  - Secondary engineer is required approver on all changes when available 
- Keeps documentation organized and up to date 

## Secondary 

- Responsible for the ongoing maintenance of their designated platform part 
- Reviews and approves all changes made 
- Familiar with backlog and ongoing changes 
- Can provide support on platform part when primary is unavailable 

> # Assignments 

Reviewer: docs that list out a bunch of individual names scare me (outdated quick), especially buried in a side doc --- wdyt about putting this somewhere more prominent where that's less likely (i.e. platform/engineering/frontend/README.md), or do you have another strategy for keeping this up-to-date?

Author: I don't think it belongs in the readme. It's mostly up to me to keep this updated since it's one of the primary ways I want to manage the FE group. 

We could just move the whole document into the VSP teams folder. I don't think the structure of these documents really matters though.

Reviewer 3: In my vision of an ideal world, every document is linked to by at least one other. While this may not make sense to put in a README, if we had one, we could link to this and other important documents.

Author: Moved https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1loQMRW8zNUYZXzcBsIVVKWLtHugw6uiNer1HTWgs980/edit#gid=1377110857

|  Platform Part | Primary  | Secondary   |  Backlog Link(s) | Notes  |
|---|---|---|---|---|

> |  Security tools / dependency management | Jhonny Gonzalez  | ? | [Dependency Management](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22dependency+management%22)   |   |

Author: I expect these categories to change over time as people get a better understanding of each part and we see what the backlogs look like.

# Overview 

The VSP frontend team is responsible for several parts that require ongoing maintenance and improvement. These platform parts are assigned a primary and a secondary engineer. 

This document describes the responsibilities of each of these roles and is intended for VSP frontend engineers and their leadership group. 

## Primary 

- Accountable for the ongoing maintenance of their designated platform part 
  - Expected to do around a day of unplanned maintenance per sprint- this does not include support time but should be documented in a ticket and draft PR
    - Fix identified bugs
    - Improvements based on customer feedback
    - Refactoring efforts
    - Updates or integration work based on dependencies
    - Improve clarity or scope of documentation based on feedback

>   - Inform engineering lead and product manager if no maintenance has been performed for 2 consecutive sprints 

Author: It's up to the primary engineer to do this. They should be doing some maintenance on what they're responsible for every sprint and I plan on discussing it with them in their 1:1s.
